# Omg Ethereum

I am so hyped that I feel the need to express myself. This doesn't happen very
often. Now what am I hyped about? I am hyped about blockchain. More specifically
Ethereum.

## What is Ethereum?

I don't want to tell you. It's going to be huge and I don't want other people to
find out about it yet. As a developer, Ethereum gives me super powers. It allows
me to build applications and say ridiculous statements like my application is
more secure than yours. My application is free from censorship. My application
can't be shut down even if I wanted it to.

## World View

I miss how I was when I was younger. I briefly remember the IMF in Korea where
everyone lost their money. I also remember the Great Recession, oh yea and some
crazy leaks that made me extremely skeptical about society as a whole. And it
sure seems like the world will witness even more chaos until my time on Earth
ends.

## Trust

It all comes down to trust. It's so hard to trust another person. Everyone means
well, but some people will do some really messed up crap because they can
somehow justify it in their heads. And when I say trust, it's not just about
trusting if that person is good willed or not, it's also trusting that that
person isn't completely incompetent at their job.

## Blockchain

Now with blockchain, we don't have to trust humans for important transactions.
How revolutionary is that. Imagine all of the time and stress saved from all of
the automation. And oh boy, are the centralized unicorns going to die soon at
the mercy of decentralized applications. The trend is already starting, people
are starting to be more aware of what privacy is and how when we have humans in
charge, it's always going to get corrupted.

## The Next Unicorn

Ethereum allows developers to just plug in blockchain technology to their apps.
Facebook is going to topple at the hands of a decentralized social media,
Dropbox is going to topple at the hands of decentralized file system, oh and
even Amazon will fall at the hands of a peer to peer market.

I'm stoked that I can use this technology. I know the chances of me being part
of a unicorn project is close to none, but the fact that the chance is there is
what gets me up and AMPED.
