To access content on the web, we currently reference a location. We put in a URL
into our browser which maps to a particular IP Address of a server. The URL is
the human readable name that we can purchase and map it to the servers that we
deploy.

Some problems with this current system is that it leads to a lot of broken links
because the servers can change how it serves its information. Also think about
all of the companies that fail, often times the data disappears along with their
hopes and dreams.

## Interplanetary File System

IPFS and Ethereum are similar in the sense that they think of the world as one
computer. In fact, one might argue that IPFS captures this essence better. A
computer is a collection of folders and files, and IPFS provides just that, but
one collection of folders and files for the entire universe.

Notice I said universe, not just the world. When we upload content into IPFS we
get a hash that can be used to retrieve it. As long as there are computers in
the network that is willing to host the file, it can be retrieved. On the other
hand, Ethereum provides blockchain technology for companies to build on top of.

IPFS is the obvious next step because soon enough we are going to have people on
Mars. This is where HTTP will fall apart because it is location based. When you
are in Mars, you don't want to fetch content from Earth if someone next to you
already has it.

## Concerns

One thing that boggles my mind is...why isn't this already the protocol that we
use? It has been around for years but no substantial business has been built on
top of it.

Some reasons might be because this distributed network only makes sense if
enough people adopt it. We are having a hard enough time of onboarding the rest
of the world to our current existing Internet and maybe the world is not ready
to change to another protocol. However, one might argue that it will be easier
to onboard the world to a distributed network.

Even if enough people adopt it, files that are not popular will have very slow
load times compared to the popular ones. I guess one could argue this is a
feature not a bug.

## Filecoin

Enter Filecoin. For IPFS to be a viable alternative to HTTP, it has to have
comparable speed. Filecoin is a way that IPFS is trying to incentivize people to
host files to speed up the network. By hosting files, these miners will be
rewarded with Filecoin which can be used to store files and convert into Ether.
It is a bit concerning that Filecoin isn't out yet and now there are already two
competing distributed file systems in the market but I am still confident that
Protocol Labs (the team behind IPFS and Filecoin) will be the first to get it
right.
